You do it for your own selfish desires
Forcibly tampering with the decision of the senior management of Tenglong Group
What is your crime?
Who are you?
Why are you talking nonsense here?
husband
Don't listen to him
He's a ex-rapist.
He came to make trouble with Liu Xianxia
He almost hit me!
Okay, you dog
How dare you disrupt the territory of our Tenglong Group?
Do I think you want to die?
Come on, break that guy's leg for me
Go for a walk
A dog tampered with its owner's mind without authorization
If Murong Lan knew about this
You have to guess what's going to happen
bold
You not only dare to slander me
You only know the name of the president of our Tanglong Group
I see you don't want to live anymore
I was going to break your leg
Just throw it out
Since you want to die so much
I will break your hands and feet
Let you only be a dog crawling for the rest of your life
It's not enough to just hurt your hands and feet
This trash is talkative
Better pull out his tongue. Yeah
Slander is when you relabel winners
From Liu Qingxue to Wanjia
It's not slander.
It's the truth. Are you kidding?
Even if the whole audience turns
It can't be his turn
Have savings
What does it mean to be away from my house?
Mitsubishi can't even rank in the clouds
He didn't even get in the door.
Xiao Chen, you have to make a mess that can't end
Only when your hands and feet are broken are you satisfied.
It's them who can't end the trouble
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Who is the successful bidder?
Do you still give me a chance?
Did I give you face?
Winning the bidding must be our Lingling
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes, this is the result
Somebody help me!
Break this trash 'hands and feet for me
Cut this tongue out for me again
Throw me as far as you want